and all the congregation of the children
and all the congregation of the children of Israel set out on their journey from
of Israel set out on their journey from
of Israel set out on their journey from the wilderness of sin according to the
the wilderness of sin according to the
the wilderness of sin according to the commandment of the Lord and camped in
commandment of the Lord and camped in
commandment of the Lord and camped in residen but there was no water for the
residen but there was no water for the
residen but there was no water for the people to drink therefore the people
people to drink therefore the people
people to drink therefore the people contended with Moses give us water that
contended with Moses give us water that
contended with Moses give us water that we may drink
we may drink
we may drink why do you contend with me
why do you contend with me
why do you contend with me why do you tempt the Lord and the people
why do you tempt the Lord and the people
why do you tempt the Lord and the people festive therefore water and the people
festive therefore water and the people
festive therefore water and the people complained against Moses why is it you
complained against Moses why is it you
complained against Moses why is it you have brought us up out of Egypt to kill
have brought us up out of Egypt to kill
have brought us up out of Egypt to kill us and our children and our livestock
us and our children and our livestock
us and our children and our livestock with thirst
with thirst
with thirst so Moses cried out to the Lord what
so Moses cried out to the Lord what
so Moses cried out to the Lord what shall I do with this people they are
shall I do with this people they are
shall I do with this people they are almost ready to stone go on before the
almost ready to stone go on before the
almost ready to stone go on before the people and take with you some of the
people and take with you some of the
people and take with you some of the elders of Israel also taking your hand
elders of Israel also taking your hand
elders of Israel also taking your hand your rod with which you struck the river
your rod with which you struck the river
your rod with which you struck the river and go
and go
and go behold I will stand before you there on
behold I will stand before you there on
behold I will stand before you there on the rock in Horeb and you shall strike
the rock in Horeb and you shall strike
the rock in Horeb and you shall strike the rock and water will come out of it
the rock and water will come out of it
the rock and water will come out of it that the people may drink and Moses did
that the people may drink and Moses did
that the people may drink and Moses did so in the sight of the elders of Israel
so in the sight of the elders of Israel
so in the sight of the elders of Israel so he called the name of the place masa
so he called the name of the place masa
so he called the name of the place masa and may River because of the contention
and may River because of the contention
and may River because of the contention of the children of Israel and because
of the children of Israel and because
of the children of Israel and because they tempted the Lord saying is the Lord
they tempted the Lord saying is the Lord
they tempted the Lord saying is the Lord among us or not
now Amalek came and fought with Israel
now Amalek came and fought with Israel in RIF at him and Moses said to Joshua
in RIF at him and Moses said to Joshua
in RIF at him and Moses said to Joshua Jews are some men and go out fight with
Jews are some men and go out fight with
Jews are some men and go out fight with a Mallick tomorrow I will stand on the
a Mallick tomorrow I will stand on the
a Mallick tomorrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in
top of the hill with the rod of God in
top of the hill with the rod of God in my hand
so Joshua did it as Moses said to him he
so Joshua did it as Moses said to him he fought with Emily Moses Aaron and her
fought with Emily Moses Aaron and her
fought with Emily Moses Aaron and her went up to the top of the hill and so it
went up to the top of the hill and so it
went up to the top of the hill and so it was when Moses held up his hand that
was when Moses held up his hand that
was when Moses held up his hand that Israel prevailed and when he let down
Israel prevailed and when he let down
Israel prevailed and when he let down his hand
his hand
his hand Amalie prevailed but Moses hands became
Amalie prevailed but Moses hands became
Amalie prevailed but Moses hands became heavy so they took a stone and put it
heavy so they took a stone and put it
heavy so they took a stone and put it under him and he said Aaron and Hur
under him and he said Aaron and Hur
under him and he said Aaron and Hur supported his hands one on one side and
supported his hands one on one side and
supported his hands one on one side and the other on the other side and his
the other on the other side and his
the other on the other side and his hands were steady until the going down
hands were steady until the going down
hands were steady until the going down of the Sun so Joshua defeated emilich
of the Sun so Joshua defeated emilich
of the Sun so Joshua defeated emilich and his people with the edge of the
and his people with the edge of the
and his people with the edge of the sword when the Lord said to Moses write
sword when the Lord said to Moses write
sword when the Lord said to Moses write this for a memorial in the book and
this for a memorial in the book and
this for a memorial in the book and recounted in the hearing of Joshua that
recounted in the hearing of Joshua that
recounted in the hearing of Joshua that I will utterly blot out the remembrance
I will utterly blot out the remembrance
I will utterly blot out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven and Moses
of Amalek from under heaven and Moses
of Amalek from under heaven and Moses built an altar and called its name the
built an altar and called its name the
built an altar and called its name the Lord is my banner for he said because
Lord is my banner for he said because
Lord is my banner for he said because the Lord has sworn the Lord will have
the Lord has sworn the Lord will have
the Lord has sworn the Lord will have war with Amalek from generation to
war with Amalek from generation to
war with Amalek from generation to generation